DOCS-2411 Azure App Service View (#11581)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/azure_app_services.md

Datadog provides monitoring capabilities for all Azure App Service resource types:

- Azure Monitor metrics for [Apps][2] and [Functions][3] using the [Azure Integration][2].

> - Utilize the dedicated [Azure App Service View][4] (beta) to quickly spot issues, map relationships between your Azure App Service resources, and gain insights into cost and performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [Azure App Service View][4] (beta) to quickly spot issues, map relationships between your Azure App Service resources, and gain insights into cost and performance.
```
